# Reviews

- Rails app to do internal reviews at Nilenso.

### Dev setup
```bash
rbenv install 2.4.5
gem install bundler -v 1.17.3
bundle install
gem install thin -v '1.7.2' --source 'https://rubygems.org/' -- --with-cflags="-Wno-error=implicit-function-declaration" # may be necessary on newer macOS versions ref. https://github.com/macournoyer/thin/pull/364
```

### Deployment guide
* Create an app on Heroku.
* Add the Heroku Postgres add-on under the Resources tab.
* Go to the Deploy tab and set the Heroku git remote as instructed.
* Log in to https://console.developers.google.com using your nilenso e-mail.
* Create a project under the nilenso organization, to manage OAuth credentials for the app.
* Enable the Contacts API and the Google+ API for the project.
* Under the Credentials tab, create a new "Client ID for Web Application".
* You'll be asked to enter the authorized Javascript origin and the redirect URI. The redirect path
for the app is `/users/auth/google_oauth2/callback`. Thus, the redirect URI will look something like
`http[s]://domain.com/users/auth/google_oauth2/callback`.
* After you save, you will be presented with a client ID and a client secret. On the Heroku
dashboard under Settings, add the `google_client_id` and `google_client_secret` config variables.
* Run `bundle exec rake secret` to generate a secret key. On the Heroku dashboard, add it under the
`secret_key_base` config variable.
* Run `git push heroku master` to deploy. That's it!

#### Since 2019

* We use heroku Review Apps (not to be confused with the name of this repo itself) to generate new installs of the reviews apps
* This is done by making a pull request on this repo, which in turn auto-creates a new instance for the app
* For consistency, please name these PRs as "create-new-for-<year>"
* You may need to create new Google credentials and a new secret key as mentioned above. These can be set in Heroku under Settings > Review app config vars.
* You can rename the review app after it's deployed. This will allow you to set the domain name to something more meaningful than the autogenerated name. You may have to update the Google origin and redirect URI after this.
